samples: treewide: Note provisioning requirement for REST samples (#7352)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/includes/nrf_cloud_rest_sample_requirements.txt

.. requirement_keysign_start

This sample uses the `nRF Cloud REST API`_, which requires that your device has a valid signing key installed and registered with `nRF Cloud`_.

.. requirement_keysign_moreinfo_start

(See `nRF Connect for Cloud REST API`_ and `Securely Generating Credentials on the nRF9160`_ for more details on this requirement).

Modem version v1.3.x or later is also required.

* Your device may ship with modem firmware older than v1.3.x, so verify that you have the latest installed.
* Instructions for updating your device's modem firmware may be found here:

>   * `Updating modem firmware on nRF9160 DK <updating nRF9160 DK modem firmware>`_
>   * `Updating modem firmware on Thingy:91 <updating Thingy:91 modem firmware>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * :ref:`Updating modem firmware on nRF9160 DK <nrf9160_gs_updating_fw_modem>`
  * :ref:`Updating modem firmware on Thingy:91 <programming_thingy>`
```
As commented in the links.txt file. Remove the respective links from that.

.. requirement_cert_provision_start

To obtain and register a valid signing key, you may:

* Provision your device on nRF Cloud using Just-In-Time Provisioning (JITP) (detailed below).
* Provision your device on nRF Cloud with preconnect provisioning (detailed in `nRF Cloud Provisioning`_).

> * Install/generate a private key on your device and register its public key with nRF Cloud (detailed in `Securely Generating Credentials on the nRF9160`_).

Author: I will expand to:
> Install or generate

Since those are two separate potential methodologies, not intended to necessarily be sequential steps

To provision your device on nRF Cloud using JITP:

1) :ref:`Ensure valid nRF Cloud credentials are installed <nrf9160_ug_updating_cloud_certificate>`.

>    nRF9160 DK and Thingy:91 have credentials pre-installed, but some may be shipped with RSA256 credentials; JWT signging requires ES256 credentials.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   nRF9160 DK and Thingy:91 have credentials pre-installed, but some may be shipped with RSA256 credentials; JWT signing requires ES256 credentials.
```

   These devices will need new credentials installed before they can perform REST requests.

> #) Install a sample or application that supports JITP.
>    The :ref:`Asset Tracker V2 <asset_tracker_v2>` application may be used for this purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Install a sample or application that supports JITP.
   You can use the :ref:`Asset Tracker V2 <asset_tracker_v2>` application for this purpose.
```

#) Allow your device to connect to nRF Cloud and add it to the nRF Cloud portal.

>    Your device should appear as connected in the devices list of the nRF Cloud portal.

Reviewer 3: "should appear as connected" - this is only true if the device is using MQTT (ATv2)
you could just say the device will appear in the device list

.. requirement_keysign_start

> This sample uses the `nRF Cloud REST API`_, which requires that your device have valid signing keys installed and registerred with `nRF Cloud`_.

Author: I can't (easily) move it quite that far up (since the .. requirement_keysign_start is overwritten differently for each sample), but I can certainly place it before "To obtain and register a valid signing key..." and try to merge the two sections you mention
